Ouroboros
=========

Link to video of this game. I got a chance to work as an artist and game designer with a team of third year upper-classmen.  As a first time participant, I got to experience what it feels like to compete against other teams in a span of two days of design and development.  Unlike the other artists, I created all of my art assets in Flash CS5.5, because I have been playing around with Flash ever since ninth grade.  Most of the artwork I produced had a lot of detail despite the simplicity of my style.  Some of the details of the garbage, which are the game objects that the player collides with, were preserved when shrunk to a small size.  All of the food provided by Microsoft and having a team to give me constant feedback and support allowed me to crank out artwork day and night.  Since I was the only Flash artist in this competition, Andrew Parson, one of the judges at the competition, introduced me to the Expression Blend, which is very similar to Flash but provides more compatibility with XNA development for Windows Phone.  Overall, I had a lot of fun participating in Imagine Cup with a team, learning more about cigarette and other types of pollution, and producing a fun game. Click here to run the setup that will download the necessary components to run the game.  If you already have ran the setup before, then click here to download the game.  The executable version has the .exe to run the game, while the source version has the source code and art assets for the game.
